you know what China is good at I know
what it's not boatbuilding on sep tember
29 some people in guns who thought it
was a great idea to launch a boat now
gansu is not the best place to launch a
boat because not only its inland there's
no water and everywhere is plateau let's
take a look who I hope no one drowning
that me deep water all jokes aside is
2.7 million dollar bow which sponsored
by a local steel company put a year
someone didn't get the memo we're not
building a so marina most of you might
not know this but towing is one of the
best job makers in the world fits in the
world mega yacht makers you can even say
that word that test in Asia actually toe
and got into the yacht business in the
late 50s during the Vietnam War American
soldiers will come here and get their
yachts made and we make sure they return
home happy boat captain even though the
business isn't as lucrative as before we
still made 145 million dollars last year
and at a price of 1.3 million dollars
per yacht China wicked holy bill your
vote for you I not only would it be
awesome it was going khlo well according
to the news the boat will be relaunched
sometime soon so a girl has prepared a
song for them to wish him bon voyage
take it away I Gil jealous
hey Mahalo jumping now see ya there
would be fun to live television II was
an orderly make I to do put the Trans Am
windy din of each one song which ones at
yoga does the ping down here tom r dds
Kira know what I can tell when he's in
double advance on open the lamp is
broken / yo holla the DL thousands if
they have regarding Therese star tascam